# tellme
Senior capstone project. social media app using react native and node js. worked along side 3 people as a fullstack developer my tasks included, Frontend: design and api connection RDS and S3/CDN Backend: api development, RDS connection, table schema creation DevOps: AWS deployment EC2 hosting

# Executive Summary
Life is filled with decisions both trivial and transformative and it can be hard to determine the best course of action. The purpose of TellMe is to provide a platform users can turn to, to seek a second opinion. Our users are those who struggle with indecisiveness as well as individuals looking for a fresh and engaging way to interact with online communities. The goal of our product is to help users gather input for their problems by providing a video-based forum where they can ask other users for a second opinion on any life event or question they may have. Our mobile application will provide users with polling statistics from these responses to give them that second opinion and help them make decisions.
TellMe is a novel approach to helping people who struggle with indecisiveness. Current polling applications are limited in scope in that they are typically only used in classrooms or small social circles. Text-based forums lack a way of filtering general comments from advice or a way to group similar opinions. Applications that offer video scrolling suffer from a lack of user interaction with the content. Our solution is exciting and novel in that it addresses the shortcomings of other similar platforms to create an entirely new way to help people make decisions and engage with online communities.
# How it Works and Key Features
Video Uploading - Users will be able to upload or record a video explaining their situation and question. This allows users to to ask for a second opinion in a more engaging format than a typical text-based forum.
Polling - In addition to their video, users will be able select polling options for how they would like to receive feedback on their question. A user will be able to provide a set of their own responses for other users to choose from, simpler yes/no options, or allow for free response from viewers.
Voting - Viewers of a video will be able to vote on an option or provide their own advice depending on the polling options the poster had selected. This allows viewers to engage with the content and help posters make decisions. To prevent bandwagoning on popular opinions, current votes will not be shown until after a viewer has voted.
Video Scrolling - Users will be able to scroll through videos to listen to a poster’s situation and question and respond/vote at the end.
Time Relevancy - Videos will be uploaded with a specific end date so that only videos still needing a second opinion are being shown on the platform. For example, it would not make sense to respond to a user asking what to wear to a concert if that concert had already passed.
Feedback Statistics - Posting users will be able to view statistics on what viewers had voted on in regards to their question. This gives posters a second opinion and helps them make decisions.
Final Decision - Posters will be able to submit which option they ended up deciding on for their question to bring their issue to conclusion.
Follow up - Viewers will be able to follow up on videos they had voted for to see what decision the poster had made in the end.
